okay guys now when you get your 60
companion through the post this is how
it will arrive you can see it has a hard
case which is really great for
protection and it will keep the knife
nice and clean and protected while it's
on your belt as you see it come it has a
belt loop on there and a clip so you
could hang clip it on to things but
assume that's mainly for belts but you
could clip it to other things and it
obviously has some sort of slot there so
you can hang it on a nail in your shed
or something like that it has a great
Moloch in mechanism as you can see you
have to give it a little tug to actually
release it from the sheath so it's not
gonna just drop out and fall out you
have to actually give it a little tug to
release it so it's not going to fall out
and I totally secure in the side of the
sheath which is really great on the
knife itself as you can see this is the
knife itself now the steel is Swedish
cold rolled stainless steel as you can
see it's a stainless steel on it made in
Sweden probably one of the best Swedish
stills probably the best blade you can
use for outdoor in I comes with all the
trademarks for more on diving on it and
the blade thickness is 2.5 millimeter
and the blade length overall from there
to there that's 104 millimeter so that's
ten point four centimeters centimeter
conversion from the base of the black
base of the handle the tip of the blade
is 219 millimeter so that's twenty one
point nine centimeters or just shy of 30
centimeters and total weight of these is
0.7 grams killin point 11 grams and
really depth it weighs nothing guys you
know you wouldn't even know these things
on your belt so I will be doing a field
review just shortly which I've got away
but you're going to see
Leon YouTube video so thanks for
watching guys
got a video from there from Whitby -
I've Steve this is Chris we're gonna win
out these Mario companions stainless
steel companion with a nice they grow on
sheep and handle ID leave now chemical
you drop this in congrats on evening
night these are fantastic little knives
this is the stainless steel one Swedish
blade Swedish feel fantastic 12 pound 50
from the big star so you can't go wrong
with a knife right it's razor-sharp do
anything you ask me to do we've got some
bits here we've just been there I'm
gonna play earlier bit of their dead ash
I've just been a little going smooth a
little feather sticks will there some
ball - you know it's been putting some
feather sticks and this thing is a
superb a feather sticks for fires misses
there it's not quite fully seized in
place it's doing some nice little there
kill them and if you want you can do
some really fine ones it's good enough
for anything with thing today shappers
there they shouted rapier the comedians
wit so a couple bit see we've got a nice
bit of season the seasons difficult Hill
what this is and a bit of work sort of
fresh ashes that die back so we'll have
a quick go up battling with this talking
about two and a half inch diameter here
in it straight so good stuff cracking
little there knife anything you want
I've used these countless times cabbage
spoons carving everything round campfire
that green leader to squirrels you name
it this little doing stay sharp all day
long crowd this bit of this season stop
bit more season they do one even still
anything you want with it but I want to
see it what's a decent knife these are
the nice big over the 12 pound fish get
to a pound 49 from the beats just cannot
go wrong absolutely wrong the ladies can
have them in pink pink knives even even
the propellers them we won't even ever
known it can offer you either being pink
nice rubberized handle so feels nice in
the hand we've got the Lord you gon do
that you got anything on your hands and
it's still the grip these things like
like anything really suit you wear you
can have it know you different now you'd
you'll hold you on a car if some methods
of carving with all their nice work me
in the end
fantastic what night cannot freeze it
not fantastic be welcome 49 of birtwick
beats on the link below just just kick
just get a bag you cannot go wrong with
these things a video on a Brooks knife
it's a long things though be a link up
there for that video so you watching too
much I'm Steve and this is that this is
Chris from there with beaks
you